10 Feb 2023 · Being unexpectedly forced to bear adulting responsibilities, Mani struggles to find a grip on reality, turns to alcohol, and the relationship ...
14 Apr 2023 · A lot of things are left unsaid in Dada, and it's a refreshing quality for a film that deals with motherly negligence. Filmmaker Ganesh is ...
Rating  80%  (5) Content collapsed. ... Overall, Dada is a well-written drama with the right mix of comedy, emotion, and love. It's something to watch out for this weekend.
Rating  2.8     · Review by Behindwoods Review Board
Dada is a poignant and moving journey of single dad which is beautifully written and directed by Ganesh K Babu. With a stimulating screenplay, earnest performances from the leads, multiple heartfelt moments and profound music Dada is film which stays with you a bit longer than you may have imagined.
Rating  3.5     · Review by IndiaGlitzAparna Das is simply superb as the young girl who breaks the stereotypes and stands her ground in continuing her premarital pregnancy. The scene in the first ...
Rating  3.5     · Review by Logesh Balachandran
Content collapsed. ... Overall, Dada is a well-written drama with the right mix of comedy, emotion, and love. It's something to watch out for this weekend.
15 Feb 2023 · Dada benefits a lot from its nativity in the first half. Kavin and Aparna Das are really good as clueless teenagers-about-to-be-turned-parents.
Rating  3.5     · Review by IndiaGlitz
Aparna Das is simply superb as the young girl who breaks the stereotypes and stands her ground in continuing her premarital pregnancy. The scene in the first ...
A very nice emotional movie with humor which touched all our hearts. Kavin acting is too good and some scenes were so emotional. Aparna das acting is also good ...
10 Feb 2023 · Overall, Dada is a sweet feel-good romantic comedy with engagement issues in the first half. The film has its heart in the right place and that ...
9 Feb 2023 · It demonstrates the battles that Manikandan (Kavin) faces while trying to make a good life for himself and his child, with some lighter moments.
Rating  2.8     · Review by Behindwoods Review Board10 Feb 2023 · Overall, Dada is a sweet feel-good romantic comedy with engagement issues in the first half. The film has its heart in the right place and that ...
Rating  80%  (5)
Rating  3.5     · Review by Logesh Balachandran9 Feb 2023 · It demonstrates the battles that Manikandan (Kavin) faces while trying to make a good life for himself and his child, with some lighter moments.
12 Mar 2023 · The movie has a simple plot that focuses on basic human emotions and relations. The director presents these emotions in a lovely and heartful ...
