Rating  3.0     · Review by M Suganth16 Apr 2016 · Theri Movie Review: Critics Rating: 3 stars, click to give your rating/review,A cop story that is entertaining despite being predictable.
16 Mar 2021 · Released in 2016, "Theri" explores themes of justice and revenge, and it was well-received for Vijay's performance and the engaging storyline.
So a slick and stylish cop with a beautiful love story and a family, a distant villain who breathes fire, anything should happen in a revenge story is what ...
Rating  7.3/10  (23,041) When his daughter's life is endangered by a local gang, Joseph Kuruvilla will do whatever it takes to stop them. However, at the same time, his dangerous ...
When his daughter's life is endangered by a local gang, Joseph Kuruvilla will do whatever it takes to stop them. However, at the same time, his dangerous ...
Theri (soundtrack) · Ratnakar (film) · Jatin Bora · R. S. G. Chelladurai
15 Apr 2016 · The story is predictable and Vijay's limitations as an actor are exposed in melodramatic scenes. Nainika, daughter of south Indian actress Meena ...
Inspired from Mani Ratnam's film Chatriyan, the film stars Vijay, Samantha Ruth Prabhu, Amy Jackson, Nainika, Radhika Sarathkumar, Rajendran and Mahendran.Theri (soundtrack) · Ratnakar (film) · Jatin Bora · R. S. G. Chelladurai
Overall Theri is a good mass entertainer, that encompasses some good class, and family sensibilities. The film is something that not only Vijay fans will lap ...
Inspired from Mani Ratnam's film Chatriyan, the film stars Vijay, Samantha Ruth Prabhu, Amy Jackson, Nainika, Radhika Sarathkumar, Rajendran and Mahendran.
Rating  7.3/10  (23,041)
14 Apr 2016 · But no. When we first meet Joseph Kuruvilla (Vijay) in Theri, directed by Atlee, he's bent behind his bike, fixing it. Beside him, his daughter ...
Rating  3.0     · Review by IndiaGlitzSo a slick and stylish cop with a beautiful love story and a family, a distant villain who breathes fire, anything should happen in a revenge story is what ...
Rating  3.0     · Review by IndiaGlitz
Rating  3.0     · Review by M Suganth
14 Apr 2016 · In simple words, Theri is a story about a good father versus a bad father. Vijay is the real Theri of the film; he brings in that spark to the ...
16 Apr 2016 · Theri Movie Review: Critics Rating: 3 stars, click to give your rating/review,A cop story that is entertaining despite being predictable.
