Rating  83%  (447)
6 Feb 2018 · Rated PG-13 for mild violence. Running time: 2 hours 14 minutes. A version of this article appears in print on Feb. 16, 2018, Section C, Page 1 ...
Rating  83%  (447) “Wakanda Forever” is an epic, emotional and profound film that examines the impact of collective anguish. Content collapsed.
Rating  5.0     · Review by Sandie Angulo Chen
Rating  5.0     · Review by Sandie Angulo Chen18 Feb 2023 · Masterful Marvel film has depth, diversity -- and violence. Read Common Sense Media's Black Panther review, age rating, and parents guide.Black Panther · Wakanda Forever · 302
Black Panther elevates superhero cinema to thrilling new heights while telling one of the MCU's most absorbing stories -- and introducing some of its most fully ...
3 Mar 2018 · Black Panther is being regarded as Marvel's best movie for a few reasons. For one, it does currently hold the highest fresh rating for any ...
Rating  96%  (531)
One of the best Marvel solo movies. It has a good cast, an interesting story with a relatable moral dilemma and a strong villain that could be a great hero if ...
Rating  96%  (531) Black Panther elevates superhero cinema to thrilling new heights while telling one of the MCU's most absorbing stories -- and introducing some of its most fully ...
Rating  88%  (55)
Rating  88%  (55) One of the best Marvel solo movies. It has a good cast, an interesting story with a relatable moral dilemma and a strong villain that could be a great hero if ...
It's a very emotional movie, and the way it pays respect to Boseman and T'Challa is essentially perfect. With good action, a solid story, a very good new ...
A very deep and political film, as well as a masterpiece in storytelling. Most likely, the best Marvel movie, and maybe, the best super-hero film out there.
Black Panther · Wakanda Forever · 302
18 Feb 2023 · Masterful Marvel film has depth, diversity -- and violence. Read Common Sense Media's Black Panther review, age rating, and parents guide.
15 Feb 2018 · Wakanda is a fully fleshed-out, unapologetically Black universe, a world woven into a tapestry of the richest, sharpest colors and textures.
Overall, Black Panther is a triumph for the MCU and its societal connotations. This is, in my opinion, the best origin movie that Marvel has made because of its amazing hero, great cast of role characters, and truly menacing villain. Black Panther gets an A.
“Wakanda Forever” is an epic, emotional and profound film that examines the impact of collective anguish. Content collapsed.
