8 May 2016 · Story: School student Ram (Dhanush) falls in love with Janani (Shruti), who is also a Class XII student, and woos her through college.
Rating  54%  (10)
Rating  1.0     · Review by Barbara Shulgasser-Parker
Rating  54%  (10) Sweet, devastating, and thoroughly watchable. Dhanush and Shruti Hassan are outstanding in their performances, and lead this excellent film to its heartbreaking ...
2 Apr 2012 · “3” tries to be everything — a sweet love story, a story of wife coming to terms with her husband's demise, a thriller and what not. This lack ...
Rating  3.0     · Review by The Times of India8 May 2016 · Story: School student Ram (Dhanush) falls in love with Janani (Shruti), who is also a Class XII student, and woos her through college.
For Shruthi who gets a meaty role in 3 manages to dish out a neat performance although struggling hard in the heavy duty emotional scenes. It is also difficult ...
Rating  1.0     · Review by Barbara Shulgasser-Parker8 May 2023 · Man hides his mental illness in romantic drama; suicide. Read Common Sense Media's 3 review, age rating, and parents guide.
Sweet, devastating, and thoroughly watchable. Dhanush and Shruti Hassan are outstanding in their performances, and lead this excellent film to its heartbreaking ...
Rating  3.0     · Review by The Times of India
The second half is another film, a psychological thriller which scares us whenever it journeys into the dark chambers of Dhanush's dangerously unhealthy mind.
The film follows Ram (Dhanush) and Janani (Shruti Haasan), two intermediate sweethearts who eventually get married. However, Janani is mystified when Ram ...
Ram and Janani are high school sweethearts who eventually get married. However, Janani is mystified when Ram commits suicide all of a sudden and she tries ...
30 Mar 2012 · Editing is atrocious and that is a major culprit. Dialogues are quite poor. Cinematography is decent. Production values are good. Aishwarya ...
Rating  7.4/10  (6,361) Ram and Janani are high school sweethearts who eventually get married. However, Janani is mystified when Ram commits suicide all of a sudden and she tries ...
8 May 2023 · Man hides his mental illness in romantic drama; suicide. Read Common Sense Media's 3 review, age rating, and parents guide.
Rating  7.4/10  (6,361)
Overall, this movie is worth watching. It focuses more on characters, than an actual plot. Aishwarya Dhanush, as her directorial debut, chose to showcase a film ...
