Rediff rated the film four stars out of five, and wrote: "With ample whistle podu moments, Vikram is a macho blockbuster that shouldn't be missed". · The Quint ...
Above the obvious fine performances from the top notch cast, 'Vikram' is an out and out action film with several action set pieces that outperform one another.
2 Jun 2022 · Very refreshing and a good movie. What stands out in this movie is the versatility of Kamal Hassan. Granted, we already know what he's ...
Rating  3.0     · Review by M Suganth3 Jun 2022 · It holds the mysteries of a spy film and provides the thrills of an action film to some extent, but it doesn't feel wholly satisfactory and ...
Rating  8.3/10  (74,452)
The real big fish Rolex is who their ultimate aim is. Vikram, helmed by Lokesh Kanagaraj is visually spectacular. A taut action adventure, it extracts Kamal Haasan to his fullest potential, but doesn't showcase him in every frame to make sufficient space for Fahadh Faasil and Vijay Sethupati too.
Rating  59%  (17) This Indian action thriller, directed and co-written by Lokesh Kanagaraj, is gory, dark, and extremely violent. Vikram, with its almost three-hour duration, ...
User Reviews (694) · Vikram Trailer (Tamil) · Full Cast & Crew · 1 of 75
Rating  3.5     · Review by IndiaGlitz
More results from www.quora.com
How will you compare Kamal's Vikram movie with Rajani's Jailer?
This Indian action thriller, directed and co-written by Lokesh Kanagaraj, is gory, dark, and extremely violent. Vikram, with its almost three-hour duration, ...
2 Jun 2022 · Very refreshing and a good movie. What stands out in this movie is the versatility of Kamal Hassan. Granted, we already know what he's ...What is the review of the movie Vikram (2022)? - QuoraWhat impressed you in the 'Vikram' movie (2022)? - QuoraHow will you compare Kamal's Vikram movie with Rajani's Jailer?More results from www.quora.com
What impressed you in the 'Vikram' movie (2022)? - Quora
3 Jun 2022 · Vikram truly comes alive post the adrenaline-filled interval scene. Action is Lokesh's forte and the second-half has impressive stunts (stunt ...
10 Oct 2022 · Kanagaraj goes too far when it comes to endangering the heroes' wives and children, to the point that the film's manipulative climax involves ...
Rating  8.3/10  (74,452) User reviews694 ... A fanboy film that celebrates Kamal Hassan to the fullest extent! ... And the precocious storyteller delivers, with a mazy yet continuously ...User Reviews (694) · Vikram Trailer (Tamil) · Full Cast & Crew · 1 of 75
What is the review of the movie Vikram (2022)? - Quora
3 Jun 2022 · It holds the mysteries of a spy film and provides the thrills of an action film to some extent, but it doesn't feel wholly satisfactory and ...
Vikram (soundtrack) · Vikram (1986 Tamil film) · Maya S. Krishnan · Myna Nandhini
User reviews694 ... A fanboy film that celebrates Kamal Hassan to the fullest extent! ... And the precocious storyteller delivers, with a mazy yet continuously ...
Rating  3.5     · Review by IndiaGlitzAbove the obvious fine performances from the top notch cast, 'Vikram' is an out and out action film with several action set pieces that outperform one another.
Rediff rated the film four stars out of five, and wrote: "With ample whistle podu moments, Vikram is a macho blockbuster that shouldn't be missed". · The Quint ...Vikram (soundtrack) · Vikram (1986 Tamil film) · Maya S. Krishnan · Myna Nandhini
Rating  59%  (17)
3 Jun 2022 · Overall, Vikram is a film that has some terrific performances and makes you inquisitive about the Lokesh Kanagaraj universe. Some of the scenes ...
Rating  3.0     · Review by M Suganth
