Ghilli is one of the best movies for Vijay and in it is unrivaled in its pace and action. The movie never slacks for a moment, and keep you always with some ...
Rating  4.5  (5)
28 Apr 2024 · Even the fight scenes were unlike the ones in current times where the hero punches and 10 ppl fly around. Truly this is one of the greatest ...
Rating  8.1/10  (17,039) Velu, an aspiring kabaddi player, goes to Madurai to participate in a regional match, where he rescues Dhanalakshmi from Muthupandi, a powerful man keen on ...
It has a very action impact relationship between the hero and villain. They have the most iconic scenes when they meet and their cat and mouse chasing is worth ...
Ghilli (2008), Action Drama Romantic released in Tamil language in theatre near you. Know about Film reviews, lead cast & crew, photos & video gallery on ...
The film is full of speed like a raging Sivakasi rocket". Visual Dasan of Kalki gave a negative review, saying as the entire film revolves around a chase and melee between the villain and the hero till the very last scene, Ghilli is the epitome of back-scratching exaggeration for die-hard fans.
Rating  4.5  (5) Ghilli is a Tamil movie released on 17 April, 2004. The movie is directed by Dharani and featured Vijay, Trisha Krishnan and Brahmanandam as lead characters ...
Rating  100%  (4)
28 Apr 2024 · ghilli #vijay #trisha #galattaplus #baradwajrangan Ghilli Movie Review By Baradwaj ...Duration: 6:10Posted: 28 Apr 2024
Ghilli is a Tamil movie released on 17 April, 2004. The movie is directed by Dharani and featured Vijay, Trisha Krishnan and Brahmanandam as lead characters ...
After two back to back hits director Dharani was in his prime when he signed up to work with Vijay in this remake of the superhit Telugu film Okkadu.
Rating  100%  (4) It has a very action impact relationship between the hero and villain. They have the most iconic scenes when they meet and their cat and mouse chasing is worth ...
A fast- paced movie with hits, chases and the right mix of romance and humour is Gilli.
Rating  8.1/10  (17,039)
Velu, an aspiring kabaddi player, goes to Madurai to participate in a regional match, where he rescues Dhanalakshmi from Muthupandi, a powerful man keen on ...
