1 Nov 1996 · This movie is very violent and should have been R rated because of the constant violence throughout the movie and turning it into a gang warfare ...
Rating  2.0     · Review by M Suganth
13 May 2016 · Synopsis: Aishwarya, an air hostess, wants to marry a millionaire, but mistakes Karthik, a gym trainer, for a rich guy and woos him.
Rating  4.0     · Review by S. Jordan MattosOptically brilliant, violent update of classic. Read Common Sense Media's Romeo + Juliet review, age rating, and parents guide.
It's loud, funny, interesting, weird, and exhilarating! After the party, the movie kinda lost steam for me. I think the two leads had good chemistry. Realizing ...
In general, this is a bad movie, of course not for every viewer. Clearly an amateur. But it's Baz Luhrmann, he has almost all the movies except The Great Gatsby ...
Rating  74%  (69) It's loud, funny, interesting, weird, and exhilarating! After the party, the movie kinda lost steam for me. I think the two leads had good chemistry. Realizing ...
Rating  74%  (69)
12 Jun 2015 · Lakshman's Romeo Juliet played by Jayam Ravi and Hansika is about two contrasting characters, Karthik and Aishwarya, and their journey. The ...
Rating  4.0     · Review by S. Jordan Mattos
17 Sept 2000 · Tybalt, vain, arrogant, and contemptuous, eager to show his prowess; Mercutio, stung by insults yet playing to the watching crowd; both trying ...
The action scenes and shootouts are awesome as is the dialogue and soundtrack. The film just oozes style and fun. This is a movie you have to watch every time ...
Optically brilliant, violent update of classic. Read Common Sense Media's Romeo + Juliet review, age rating, and parents guide.
10 Oct 2023 · It's a romantic tragedy movie that retells the story of William Shakespeare's “Romeo and Juliet” play. The Montagues and the Capulets have never ...
Rating  2.0     · Review by M Suganth13 May 2016 · Synopsis: Aishwarya, an air hostess, wants to marry a millionaire, but mistakes Karthik, a gym trainer, for a rich guy and woos him.
