Rating  3.5     · Review by N Venkateswaran
Rating  62%  (24) Overall this movie is a good entertainer. Worth watching with family or friends. Content collapsed.
Rating  6.1/10  (12,690)
Rating  62%  (24)
User reviews72 ... The cast includes "Vijay" ,Hanshika,Genilia,Santhanam,Shayaji shinde.....the list goes on.The movie is a great ride for those who like the ...
Rating  6.1/10  (12,690) User reviews72 ... The cast includes "Vijay" ,Hanshika,Genilia,Santhanam,Shayaji shinde.....the list goes on.The movie is a great ride for those who like the ...
Sify gave 4/5 stars and called it a good value for the money ("paisa vassol"), stating that the film was a "perfect outing with family, but [is] far too long." ...
7 May 2016 · Velayudham Movie Review: Critics Rating: 3.5 stars, click to give your rating/review,Vijay can do no wrong, especially with a movie ...
As the actor said in one of his interviews, 'Velayudham' is a Deepavali treat to his fans. Hansika, without vanishing with mere skin show, tries her hands at ...
26 Oct 2011 · The thing is, there really is a Velayudham (Vijay) a milkman who lives in the tiny village of Pavunoor, and adores his sister Kaveri (Saranya ...
Vijay is sprightly, energetic and every bit the way we love to see him. He has experimented a bit with his look in the songs and they have come out well.
Its difficult to believe Hanshika as village girl but she has tried her hand in the comedy which has come out good. Even though the film as a huge Star cast .. Raja has brought the best out of every body in the silver screen. Music: Songs are the huge plus for Velayudham.
Overall this movie is a good entertainer. Worth watching with family or friends. Content collapsed.
27 Oct 2011 · He initially wades off but when he sees that his money looted by the chit fund owners, he becomes the Velayudham that every one wants. The story ...
18 Jan 2012 · “Velayudham”, A good commercial Entertainer from Ilayadhalapathi. I am not saying its great film n all. Its a typical Vijay film with dance, ...
Rating  3.5     · Review by N Venkateswaran7 May 2016 · Velayudham Movie Review: Critics Rating: 3.5 stars, click to give your rating/review,Vijay can do no wrong, especially with a movie ...
