Rating  6.7/10  (24,252)
User reviews437 ... "Sarkar" from Vijay made the expectations high. But this film will not bore you but neither impress you. The Football scenes has less gameplay ...
Rating  2.8     · Review by IndiaGlitz
Rating  71%  (7)
Bigil is a commercial movie Action, inspiration, sports movie many scenes Women power Atlee's celebration But its first half lagging very much and vfx is superb Especially Nayanthara is awsome Over all a good movie of atlee. Was this review helpful? Sign in to vote. Mediocre, hype doesn't equal value.
Rating  71%  (7) Good acting emotional and a pure family entertainer. Worth a watch Content collapsed. ... The duration of the movie was bigger, the story was good but slow.
25 Oct 2019 · A scene in a police station is a riot, and what could have been a boring engagement scene is transformed into a rousing dance-a-thon. But Atlee ...
25 Oct 2019 · Bigil Movie Review: Critics Rating: 3.0 stars, click to give your rating/review,Though it lacks depth and is overlong, Bigil proves to be an ...
Rating  3.0     · Review by M Suganth25 Oct 2019 · Bigil Movie Review: Critics Rating: 3.0 stars, click to give your rating/review,Though it lacks depth and is overlong, Bigil proves to be an ...
Rating  3.0     · Review by M Suganth
25 Oct 2019 · Bigil features a sub plot about women empowerment and features an acid attack survivor as one of the players in the team. The whole acid attack ...
26 Oct 2019 · The film is supremely rich and special mention to the VFX department for showcasing all the football matches in a stylish and international ...
Rating  6.7/10  (24,252) User reviews437 ... "Sarkar" from Vijay made the expectations high. But this film will not bore you but neither impress you. The Football scenes has less gameplay ...
With AR Rahman elevating several sequences, and GK Vishnu capturing visuals beautifully, Bigil is technically rich, but falls short in the execution. Had Atlee ...
Rating  2.8     · Review by IndiaGlitzWith AR Rahman elevating several sequences, and GK Vishnu capturing visuals beautifully, Bigil is technically rich, but falls short in the execution. Had Atlee ...
A colourful sports drama that just grazes the goal post...there are tonnes of packing material, bands, and confetti even, but inside, after you struggle ...
Good acting emotional and a pure family entertainer. Worth a watch Content collapsed. ... The duration of the movie was bigger, the story was good but slow.
24 Oct 2019 · It is a good movie, especially the picturization of the song Singapenny is very good. Of course the first half is very filmy but the 2nd half ...
